docs(start-here): update faq (#261)
instill-ai/instill.tech: docs/start-here/faq.mdx

</details>

<details>
<summary>**VDP vs. Clarifai/Roboflow/Encord/Datature/Nyckel/Sieve/etc.**</summary>

To the best of our knowledge, these solutions either provide Vision AI API SaaS or Vision AI model generation PaaS.

VDP aims to integrate with tooling in the modern data stack for unstructured visual data ETL.

While effective computer vision models are crucial to transform image and video data, model generation is in fact a task orthogonal to a VDP pipeline.
The design principle of VDP is to make the use of models as flexible as possible.

That said, we will provide AutoML in VDP for custom model training in the near future. At the moment, the VDP users can freely use their familiar ways to generate models and import the models into a VDP pipeline fairly easily.

Find out the supported model sources to import in [Import Models](../import-models/overview) section.

</details>

<details>
<summary>**VDP vs. Seldon/BentoML/TorchServe/TensorFlow Serving/Cortex/Cog/etc.**</summary>

> VDP is not a general model serving framework!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VDP is more than a general model serving framework!
```

Airbyte has provided a good number of destination connectors for structured data.
In addition, the Airbyte Protocol provides a standardised interface to integrate with VDP.

> Last but not least, we love open sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Last but not least, we love open source.
```
